Ouyang Mu, my move
You picked it up
Chen Tianjiao didn't expect you to be isolated
You are so vicious
It's far from kissing you
Ouyang Mu, I'm going to let you do Gu Cundun today
Chen Tianjiang will be here first
I will arrange another person to preside over the forest entry ceremony
Hey, do you want to leave later?
Say sorry to me.
You can only leave if you say that Ouyang Tomb has wronged a good person.
A dignified imperial teacher
Can't even admit your mistake?
Good Liu Fan
I'm sorry. Hmm.
I hope the next time we meet
Don't always be in a hurry
Hit hard
Where did you remind
I'm impatient
It's easy to miss a lot of details in this way
Yuefan, although I agree with your approach
But you made the imperial teacher condescend to apologize
Totally pissed him off
It's not gonna happen
Some things have to be faced sooner or later
What does it have to do with provoking him or not?
As for you
Who is it from Ouyang Tomb?